Hello, my name is Anna Baklanova
Today I will show you the work of gel polishes with
using the author's technique of painting
nail gel paints on standard
the scheme we prepared the nails of the model
made a manicure treated buff now
my chery moves i took the kinel fool
Now we will process the nails to Bandera
us serves to clutch artificial
material with a natural like
Double-sided tape
The next step I have to wear shoes
super base thanks to its super base
from en garde gel varnish is removed very
quickly within five to seven minutes with
swinging I'll put it in
all movements very very subtle it
one of the secrets of what gel polish will be
stay very long
dry in the lamp
i work with led lamp gelish 36 watt and
dry 30 seconds
after drying, remove the layer from the base of the fish
I chose 2 colors for the design
blue and blue under blue to us
need a white substrate it can
apply white gel polish I chose
ivory number 32 ingarden
one layer of white backing is enough
can be put in one layer without pro beaches
we put a white substrate where we have
will be blue
now selected gel polishes are applied
for two words drying each in the lamp
I remind you that we put on a white substrate
126 iris
from ingar to cover turned
as close to the cuticle as possible
apply gel polish
with your left thumb try
a little run down
where we have no white backing we
will use 110 color lagoon from
ingar come on
we send you to dry
we put the second layer
seal the end
the nails that we covered more light
gel varnish and cover top ingarden
two in one nails darker we
we cover with matte top everything is cool
design
our tops are dry and remove the sticky layer
our cover is ready coupon for design i
chose two gel-paint without a sticky layer
number three and number 4
I recommend taking gel paint on
palette
for design, I chose the brush run it
number one short nap
the design doesn't have to be
symmetrical now white gel paint
fit in our black monograms
so that it turns black as if
stroke
in some places it is possible for emphasis
volume to volume was more appetizing
put 2 layers of paint do not be afraid here
not worth learning to wear matrix
design is ready
today we learned how to do work length
Wakame using author
gel painting technique hope you
my advice will come in handy i also
don't forget to subscribe our channel to them
cosmetics and also like ours
master classes
until